Reviewer 5 of IV 2025 submission 545

Comments to the author
======================

In general: The topic of the paper is interesting and
relevant. However, the paper needs a major rework in terms
of structure, clarity and in the presentation of the
methodology and results.

Details:
Abstract: 1.) Spelling mistake "metircs => metrics." 2.)
Why there are concerns? Please be more concrete in the
abstract. 3.) As reader, I am confused: First, you mention
that the aim of the paper is the development of a DDD
method. But then, you write that you create a framework to
compare Related Work methods. Furthermore, you write, that
you implement three existing methods and another concise
method. Please rewrite this for more clarity. 4.) Please be
more concrete and mention in the abstract the "open
dataset" 5.) Please mention concrete numbers / results in
the Abstract.

I. Introduction: 1.) Good introduction to the topic. 2.)
Please describe where exactly you can see discrepancies and
inconsistencies in the reported results; please show
evidence with concrete examples. 3.) Good explanation of
the contributions.  

II. Related Work: 1.) "Each column shows the following
information:" I do not think so, that EACH column has the
content of the following text. Please rewrite the
paragraph. 2.) Table 1 needs a great rework to meet the
professionalism and the standards of IEEE papers: For
example, mention the names of the existing works, highlight
correct the numbers, add units to the metrics, etc. 3.) For
better readability, please add the names of the datasets
and the models in the text.


III. DDD Based on the Vehicle Dynamics Data: 1.) Please
consider correct formality regarding Figure 1, 2, and
Figure 3; add better descriptions of the Figures. I suggest
merging the content in one bigger Figure. 2.) Content is
interesting. However, the structure of the Section does not
follow a storyline and is unclear. Please think about a
restructure of the section. You mix the content between
"Related Work" and "Methodology. I would recommend
separating these two core contents strictly. 3.) Please
consider rework of Table II to follow the high IEEE
standards. 4.) You mention the four methods, "SVMA",
"SVMW", "LSTM", and "RF". However, you do not explain the
abbreviation, nor you cite the related work. Please add
this important information at the first appearing. 4.) The
description of your own method "RF" is unfortunately
described only in 7 lines, which doesn't tell you much
compared to the other methods.

IV. Experiment to check the reproducibility: Table IV: Very
interesting content. However, the table needs a rework
because of formality issues. 2.) Content could be written
more clear, but is more or less understandable and
interesting. 3.) Is the number of features really a result
or an input? Please clarify this point.

V. Experiment for performance comparison: 1.) Confusing
structure of the paper, because in Section IV, you also
compare the methods to each other. 2.) Good discussion, but
please add more concrete numbers. 3.) Missing ablation
studies or qualitative results. 4.) It's unclear, in Figure
4, which graph is for which approach. Furthermore, Figure 4
contains many layout issues. 

VI. Conclusion: 1.) Please be more concrete with hard
facts. 2.) Sufficient.
